Raptor integration - feature branch (#3121)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/recommendations/raptor_integration/recommendation_blocks.md

---
description: Recommendation blocks in Page Builder
edition: experience
month_change: true
---

# Recommendation blocks in Page Builder

One of the Raptor Integration elements is the introduction of recommendation blocks available in the [Page Builder](page_builder_guide.md).

> Each Content, Product, and Commerce recommendation can be added to a landing page using the blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content, Product, and Commerce recommendations can be added to a landing page using the blocks.
```
